Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we are going to apply the currency conversion and the exchange rate concepts that
we talked about in the previous lecture.
All right, so I'm back and the electricity is back, and it took took a while, it took a few hours.
So let's start where were we?
So what are we going to do?
The way that I'm going to be creating this application is first we are going to fetch the data and then
we are going to do some meaningful things with it.
So we are going to say async function and I'm going to create a function name that is get X X exchange
rate, because when we have the exchange rate, we can basically grab our amount and multiply it by
the with the exchange rate and then we are going to get the exchanged amount and this is going to grab
two parameters.
So the first one is going to be from currency.
So from currency, the currency that we want to convert from and to currency, the currency that we
want to convert currency, the currency that we want to convert to.
Right.
Let's create our response const response.
Now, this is very familiar to you response.
And we are going to wait until the response come on a wait until the response is completed and then
we are going to store it.
So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to paste and that you are here.
OK, just go ahead and use this and it should work.
And now let's go ahead and let's convert their response into something that is meaningful.
So I'm going to say currency data and we are going to say await a response.
Jason?
And now let's cancel council luggage so we can see what it is that we are getting council currency data,
save it.
So this is where we're working.
I'm going to put it on the side.
I'm going to bring it way over here to go to console.
I'm going to zoom in and reload.
Oh, we have not called the function.
We need to call that function rights to be able to get something.
So we are going to say get exchange rate.
Let's just do that.
And hopefully we are going to get something right.
So we get this.
And you can see inside the rates is where we are interest.
And you can see the base is right here.
So I'm going to zoom and I'm sure you can see it right now.
The base is the base is euro.
And this is what's making the problems of all the things that we covered in the previous lecture.
So we get all that.
I think this is different point.
No, no, it's the same because it's euro.
How could that be different?
Right.
So everything is right here.
So if I were to say, hmm, that rates this is going to give us all the rates that we need right now.
We get all the rates.
This is an object.
Keep that in mind.
This is this is not an array.
So we cannot loop over it to get the this right.
But what it gives us is it gives us currency codes.
These are valid currency codes.
Right.
And we use that inside our application.
So.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to store these currency codes, so not to do this over and over,
we are going to say CONSED currency, I'm going to name it currency rates, currency rates, and I'm
going to say do this.
All right.
Now you can see that I think I've not said it.
Yeah, we have a lot different currency.
So if I were to say currency, if I just can't slug this one more time, that's a log currency rates
rates.
If I say currency rates that offend it is going to give me the currency rate for Afghani or Afghani
based on euro.
Right.
So this is a one euro is this many Afghanis.
So one Afghani is in 91, 19th of a euro because one euro is 90.
So one bank has 90 apples.
One apple is one ninetieth part of that back.
All right.
Think of it like that.
I'm not sure if that was a good analogy, but I think you get the idea.
The reason that I've done this is we do not want a hard code.
The rate that we want to get exactly like we do not want to hard codebase.
We do not want a hard code.
The value that we want to convert to, to or converted from, we do not want to Harkov value.
So instead of writing Afan or USD or Sead or Ayuda or INR Piqué or whatever the currency code is, instead
of writing that specifically here, we want to we want to let the user have that, uh, freedom to write.
That's why we have UI here.
So we are not going to hard code that.
So what I'm going to do here as I want to grasp the basic currency so we know how we can grab it.
So what is the basic currency?
We first off, we say one multiplied by whatever currency that has been entered by the user.
So currency.
Currency rate, currency rates, so the currency rates is going to give us whatever currency has been
inserted by the user, right.
And we know what it's going to give us the rates.
So what is that specific rate that we are we are looking for?
Because currency rates give give us that big object.
What is that specific?
That specific one is going to be from currency that we have passed right here because the user is going
to specify.
So whatever that is, we just we divide and we just say one divided by that.
Right.
And now we get our exchange rate.
We did this in our previous and previous videos.
I'm not going to go into too much detail, so I'm just going to say exchange rate.
What is the actual exchange rate that we get?
We must apply to remember, we multiply the euro by USD, so we want to play it.
We grab the best currency and we multiply it to current rates.
And what is the thing that we are interested in?
The current rates to currency.
Now we get the better.
We get the currency.
OK, so this is incorrect as well.
Currency, let's in C so we get the base of the currency that we want to convert it from and then we
say one divided by that.
And what we get is and then we multiply based currency, which is that that we just got from the division.
And we must apply to the currency rate of whatever currency that we want to convert it to.
It's exactly like that.
We converted from we converted the currency rate of the Afghani from euro to dollar, and then we use
that exchange rate to calculate what is the exchange amount.
And then I basically, I want to say a return exchange rate.
So we are done with this function and now technically it should work.
So if I were to say afan to USD.
We should get we should get zero point zero one three or something like that.
So if I come here and we are not logging anything right, are we?
No, we are not.
So let's put it inside the console lock.
You're not logging anything.
So I'm just going to say console that log so that hopefully it works.
Yep.
So we get the promises pending.
Oh, I am so sorry about this, because this entire thing returns a promise we cannot just it.
So what we can do is we can say that then like result and we can say a result and let's just cancel
the results.
Let's see what it is going to give us a log result.
Result we get this so you can see that we got that.
So zero point zero one three is what we calculated in the previous lecture.
So we were success.
We were able to successfully grab it.
Now I want to create our first customer in this lecture as well.
So what what it is that I want to create now, we know all the time.
We know for sure that the exchange rate is going to be a number if for any reason it is not a number.
I want to throw an error.
So there is a method that I can use and that is is not a number.
So if exchange rate, exchange rate is not a number for now, what I want to do is I just want to say,
Consol, we are going to customize this error later.
But for now, I just want to say council log atter.
Right, so let's see, so now we don't see the error, but if I change this aph into UFF and save it,
we get our error and it says, no, no, see, this is our error.
We are going to customize this area later.
Right, but for now, we are going to stick with it and that's it for this lecture in the next lecture.
What I'm going to do as a we are actually, if you understood this, we are you could say we are we
are halfway done with this with this project.
The only thing that remaining is we need to convert the actual currency.
We need to we need to be able to pass in numbers and convert the currency.
And then we just need to do something useful with it, like put it in the UI.
Right.
So that's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.